[Music]
I'll pay for my trips my [__] sweater
hard you know you ain't really a savage
- you really just don't get no folks
look at that it's all a mental thing you
feel me you just don't let this [__]
face my cheeks - winner oh my god
there's no place to park and they kept
mine so you know how bad these plastic
straws are for the environment
well these plastic leaves just as bad
for the environment still classy so the
solution I've come up for you is instead
of using a plastic lead use a burger
when you do is you get you're strong
you're damn it
have you caught anything yet yeah
depression okay so this guy at my
husband's work has been talking to this
girl and we figured out that she's a
catfish Thera catfish because and go
stop trying to fill me in a box snap
shut up stop stop trying to come you
know
step turn put me a box yeah sure how you
doing good
would you like a bag what do you think
lady I'm gonna put it up my ass
[Music]
bro where's awesome where's the we're
just friends
I suggest you keep scrolling if you're
taking because what I'm about to show
you is gonna turn your world upside down
because because of how sexy it is watch
yes sir
a hairline check she said that I remind
her of that how girls drink water
our boys drink water
damn son where'd you find mesh okay your
child is gonna be no longer trumpet like
an ass - girl
[Music]
hello guys my name is Isaac and today
we're looking at the top forecasts that
anyone can steal your go with number one
we have a Bentley number two we have a
Ferrari the number three we have a BMW
i8 really they still watch those yeah it
was disgusting
I'm so glad I've never been pregnant me
too
you guys are really still using phones
to record your cake talks I'm using a
primo model H 374 water dispenser get on
my level but I got che some cool rode
mic and I'm not going to you ready
Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself
[Music]
favorite color I like the stars I didn't
listen very hard
[Music]
[Applause]
hey justice justice what kind of bees
make milk instead of honey boobies whoa
egos oh [__] yeah whoa hey I'm thinking
of making a YouTube channel could you
check over my first video yeah for sure
just let me see it
so what do you think wow I love it the
quality is amazing
I know right I just got a brand new
camera so what do you get a title it you
know I'm probably gonna keep it simple
and go with straightening my pubes Jack
I want you to draw me like one of your
french girls wearing this on the bottom
wearing only this just came into my
store and we're playing with this
screaming baby and one of them just goes
why is it cheeked up though we go so
[__] bad yeah now me baby love you do
baby
madam order this
one plate chicken 65 okay madam
maybe lineage in five minutes please
ah baby
Nakia what happened why are you bidding
I ordered chicken 65 but because I'm a
man of God
twins yes sir
I am me she is she except when I
returned I and one with which you can
tell which is which
[Music]
give me
I could take him in if I want to I can
take it man if I want to take your pants
but lucky for you I don't hey oh I don't
look sick until I turn around check they
never repay me in my favor cuz nobody
[Music]
Charcot deep-cleansing Pore strips break
up with blackheads
[Music]
[__] suck my [__] I just want to eat
that I don't make my feed pop check my
page in public they see me and they
hustling Jules Belle and Maddy
they all look at mad fleet I just want
to eat
[Music]
this isn't you know if I ask you hey can
I use your air pot you know you're a pot
and then you turn around cleaning it
like crazy like this then I know yours
dirty like [__] okay so this morning
I left my bowl here and like very clean
Bowl after eating my Weetabix in the
morning and now this is this is what has
occurred in my bowl how is this occurred
can someone tell me about
[Music]
[Applause]
you're my change who's that
it changed [__] so I'll pick my 13 year
old brother up from school the other
date and he has a scratch on his face
and I'm like but what happened to you he
says I was in class and a girl got mad
at me so she pushed me over and I got
into a fight with her and so she slapped
me and that's where the scratch came
from and I said okay this is the
opportunity that I've been waiting for
I've been trying to roast him this whole
time so this is my chance so I say so
you got beat up by a girl and he says a
good one can you even remember the last
time that a girl was on top of you boy
nope nope nope Beckett close the top o
comes the top please well don't squeeze
it because you know no whenever it rains
in your deep floods and freezes over
[__] mint when he starts to defrost
while you're driving but you got to keep
your feet up because you don't want to
get your socks wet [__] moon when you
keep an extra pair of socks in your
heart for this reason but they freeze
under the ice [__] men
[Music]
did I really just forget that melody
[__] too when I see you I can you be
my [__] boo can you be my seller moan
and I don't wanna fight I just wanted
you to write I was aiming at your heart
and I don't want to say goodbye so sorry
to bother you while you're working I was
just wondering if you could tell me
where the nearest bank is around here
thank ya it doesn't really matter which
one or 200 watt are you need to catch um
it really I would like to any bank it
doesn't matter I got to make a large
withdrawal if you know what I mean okay
awesome appreciate it
oh do you know how tight their security
is okay I'll go find out Thanks
I've never kicked the door down before I
don't know you can do it ro just believe
keep right next to the door right next
right now say welcome home boys
[Music]
following on the - 35 bills of
maybe when we're winners
someone tell me why the [__] I can't
remember what I did in class yesterday
but I know that this is called an aglet
because Phineas and Ferb made an episode
about it ten years ago when I die I want
to be reincarnated as a hamster no
specific reason except they have a very
short life span thank you and good night
yeah there's no way you're blind your
guide dogs black guy dogs can't be black
is it everything black
[Music]
Canada Canada it's you hahaha that is so
funny
that is so funniest of funny I've ever
that is so very funny you know the
funniest part about that joke is when
nobody
[Music]
Oh rich boy check and then and
sike I just cut the [__] grass Oh to
see without my eyes the first time bring
the beat back anything for you Katie
[Music]
ever since I was a kid I was born with
this growth and the doctor said it can
never come off wanna see it
and you have a mom who thinks she can
cook good food freakin your mint it
tastes like trash when you have a son
that takes a shower twice a week and is
too fat to see his toes freakin mint
when you go to sleep at night when you
wake up in the morning and when you walk
the horsey girl you know
Juana fauna said this may be the start
of something new
cuz they're listening to Kidz Bop
taking the picture
[Music]
guys I'm in the chick-fil-a bathroom and
I'm peeing but listen to the music just
makes me wanna take a fat [__]
[Music]
can you pick me up so I can bang my head
off the stop sign no way no way
[Music]
how to play Van Halen's jump with one
hand this wants to end racism right here
racism over baby jumping in the beds and
I switch to the ghost like who's you
remember this face cuz I'm there but you
gonna lose so tripping on the face keep
this on the DL
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
damn something would you really be out
here too afraid to moan in there girl's
ear I be my girls you're like unexpected
item in the bagging area please remove
that
[Music]
and throw it away throw it away